Mta 3334 (#56)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-7-installing-web-console-on-openshift.adoc

[id="mta-7-red-hat-single-sign-on_{context}"]
== Red Hat Single Sign-On

> The {ProductShortName} uses link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.6[Red
> Hat Single Sign-On] (RHSSO) instance for user authentication and authorization.

Author: ```suggestion
{ProductShortName} delegates authentication and authorization to a
https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.6[Red
Hat Single Sign-On] (RHSSO) instance managed by the {ProductShortName} operator. Aside from controlling the full lifecycle of the managed RHSSO instance, the {ProductShortName} operator also manages the configuration of a dedicated
https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.6/html/server_administration_guide/configuring_realms[realm] that contains all the roles and permissions that {ProductShortName} requires.
```
